Graduation will be more ecstasy haha
Not hahaha
Ah!
Marry you
All of this.
yours
I need to discuss the salary requirements with the supervisor.
You can go back first and call you within three days.
Okay
Xu Special
Haha, why are you here?
Secretary Jiang, what a coincidence
That story and Xu Shi have a vocal arrival
I'll help Mr. Gu deal with it, eh?
If there's nothing else, I'll go first. Okay
Bye bye
Come on, have a good eye
This is someone who can live with Xu Te in Da Shanghua
Stay soon
Hey, Miss Jiang, Miss Jiang
After discussion, your salary requirements are completely fine.
You can apply for onboarding immediately.
So soon?
Our company?
I have always been thirsty for talent
Welcome to Xu's Group.
Thank you, I will definitely work hard, come on.
Mr. Gu has arranged for Secretary Jiang to join the Xu family
Okay, you go and get the Xu family's cooperation case right.
I'm watching it myself
Hmph, still pretending to be cold
It would have been better not to quarrel at first
It's all me who wipes my butt
Who is Jiang Yining?